website/docs: clarify bindings overview (#21668)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/add-secure-apps/bindings-overview/index.md

If a target has no applicable bindings, authentik treats the result as passing by default.

## Flow-stage bindings

A flow-stage binding attaches a stage to a flow and defines the order in which that stage runs.

Flow-stage bindings are also called stage bindings. authentik uses them while building the flow plan that determines which stages a user will see and in what order.

This matters because stages are reusable objects. The same stage can appear in multiple flows, but each flow-stage binding can have its own policies, users, groups, order, and evaluation settings. When you bind a policy to a stage in a specific flow, you are binding it to that flow-stage binding, not to the reusable stage definition itself.

### When authentik evaluates stage-binding policies

Flow-stage bindings have two evaluation settings:

- **Evaluate when flow is planned**: authentik evaluates the binding while it is building the flow plan. If the binding does not pass at planning time, the stage is not added to the plan.

> - **Evaluate when the stage is run**: authentik adds the stage to the flow plan, then evaluates the binding again immediately before the stage is shown. If the binding no longer passes, authentik removes that stage from the plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Evaluate when the stage is run**: authentik adds the stage to the flow plan, then evaluates the binding again immediately before the stage is shown. If the binding no longer passes, authentik removes that stage from the flow plan.
```

> At least one of these settings must be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The second option is useful when the decision depends on context that is only available later in the flow. For example, after an identification stage has run, a later stage binding can evaluate the user who was just identified and then decide whether to show a CAPTCHA or a deny stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second option is useful when the decision depends on context that is only available later in the flow. For example, after an identification stage completes, a subsequent stage binding can assess the identified user and then trigger a CAPTCHA or Deny stage as needed.
```

In other words:

- use **Evaluate when flow is planned** when the decision can already be made before the user reaches the stage
- use **Evaluate when the stage is run** when the decision depends on flow context that is created by an earlier stage

## What to remember

- Stages are attached to flows through flow-stage bindings.
- Policies, users, and groups can all be bound through the same policy binding system.
- The same stage can behave differently in different flows because each flow-stage binding has its own settings and bindings.
- A policy bound directly to a flow is evaluated earlier than a policy bound to a flow-stage binding.

## Common examples

### Restrict an application

> Bind a group or policy to an application when you want to control who can see or launch it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, applications are accessible to all users. Bind a group or policy to an application when you want to limit access to specific users.
```

### Run a stage only for some users

> Bind a policy, user, or group to the flow-stage binding when a stage should appear only for certain users in that flow.

Reviewer: "For example, only require an MFA stage for certain users." Or something similar

### Scope access inside an application

> Use [application entitlements](../applications/manage_apps.mdx#application-entitlements) when you need to control access to parts of an application after the user already has access to the application itself.

Reviewer: An example would be good "For example, control which users have access to certain administrator functions within an application" or something similar.
